# Hack

Hack is a project developed to participate in the ICP Portugal Hackathon 24. Our goal was to fix a problem related to DAO's voting. Platforms like Snapshot do off-chain voting, because on-chain voting is too expensive, but with the Internet Computer Protocol it is not. Also, off-chain voting has several problems related to management and decentralization.
Therefore we created our Web Application capable of creating communities and proposals while doing on-chain voting. This product is only an MVP but is already innovating by having the front and backend as ICP canisters and making HTTP Outcalls to Ethereum to get information to our backend.


To learn more before you start working with Hack, see the following documentation available online:

- [Quick Start](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/deploy-locally)
- [SDK Developer Tools](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/developer-docs/setup/install)
- [Motoko Programming Language Guide](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/motoko)
- [Motoko Language Quick Reference](https://internetcomputer.org/docs/current/motoko/main/language-manual)

If you want to start working on your project right away, you might want to try the following commands:

```bash
cd hack/
dfx help
dfx canister --help
```

## Running the project locally

If you want to test your project locally, you can use the following commands:

```bash
# Starts the replica, running in the background
dfx start --background

# Deploys your canisters to the replica and generates your candid interface
dfx deploy
```

Once the job completes, your application will be available at `http://localhost:4943?canisterId={asset_canister_id}`.

If you have made changes to your backend canister, you can generate a new candid interface with

```bash
npm run generate
```

at any time. This is recommended before starting the frontend development server, and will be run automatically any time you run `dfx deploy`.

If you are making frontend changes, you can start a development server with

```bash
npm start
```

Which will start a server at `http://localhost:8080`, proxying API requests to the replica at port 4943.

### Note on frontend environment variables

If you are hosting frontend code somewhere without using DFX, you may need to make one of the following adjustments to ensure your project does not fetch the root key in production:

- set`DFX_NETWORK` to `ic` if you are using Webpack
- use your own preferred method to replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` in the autogenerated declarations
  - Setting `canisters -> {asset_canister_id} -> declarations -> env_override to a string` in `dfx.json` will replace `process.env.DFX_NETWORK` with the string in the autogenerated declarations
- Write your own `createActor` constructor
